Ben/ft zero to hero (#1134)
near/docs: docs/3.tutorials/fts/5.transfers.md

---
id: transfers
title: Transferring Fungible Tokens
sidebar_label: Transferring FTs
---

> In this tutorial you'll learn how to implement the [core standards](https://nomicon.io/Standards/Tokens/FungibleToken/Core) into your smart contract. You'll be implementing the logic that allows you to transfer and receive tokens. If you're joining us for the first time, feel free to clone [this repo](https://github.com/near-examples/ft-tutorial) and follow along in the `4.storage` folder.

Author: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to implement the [core standards](https://nomicon.io/Standards/Tokens/FungibleToken/Core) into your smart contract. You'll implement the logic that allows you to transfer and receive tokens. If you're joining us for the first time, feel free to clone [this repository](https://github.com/near-examples/ft-tutorial) and follow along in the `4.storage` folder.
```

If you query for the balance of `no-contract.testnet`, it should still be 0.

```bash
near view $TRANSFER_FT_CONTRACT_ID ft_balance_of '{"account_id": "no-contract.testnet"}'
```

Hurray! At this point, your FT contract is fully complete and all the functionality is working as expected. Go forth and experiment! The world is your oyster and don't forget, go team!

## Conclusion

In this tutorial, you learned how to expand a FT contract by adding ways for users to transfer FTs. You [broke down](#introduction) the problem into smaller, more digestible subtasks and took that information and implemented both the [FT transfer](#transfer-function) and [FT transfer call](#transfer-call-function) functions. In addition, you deployed another [contract](#redeploying-contract) and [tested](#testing-changes) the transfer functionality.

In the [next tutorial](/tutorials/fts/marketplace), you'll learn about how an NFT marketplace can operate to purchase NFTs by using Fungible Tokens.

> 
> <!--
> ## Bonus track
> 
> I’m not sure what we can do here - maybe some sort of gifting tutorial which the theme of NFT christmas presents? Haha (we can have josh’s testnet account be the grinch who tries to steal NFTs).
> -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ---

Reviewer: Gonna keep this for now we can revisit in a separate PR
